# itk-vtk

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Image Repositioning

The code aligns two brain scans (scan1 and scan2) recorded at various times by
utilising image registration techniques, such as the Iterative Closest Point
(ICP) algorithm. This alignment makes it easier to make relevant comparisons and
analyses, which makes it possible to trace the development and evolution of
tumours across time. Using intensity-based and deformable registration
techniques, the algorithm also conducts image repositioning by lining up the
registered scan (registered_scan2) with the reference scan (scan1). By ensuring
that the images are in a similar reference space, it is possible to compare
tumour's growth accurately and evaluate the efficacy of the treatment.

# Segmentation

In the examination of tumours, segmentation is an essential stage. The program
segments the tumour regions in scan1 and registered_scan2 using a segmentation
technique based on confidence-connected region growth. The method grows the
region based on intensity similarity standards from a user-defined seed point.
To identify the tumour sections for additional analysis, such as volume
estimation and quantitative measurements, segmentation is used.

# Analysis

The code then analyses the tumour regions to produce quantitative measurements.
Both scan1 and registered_scan2's segmented tumour areas' volumes are
calculated. The volume measurement allows for the monitoring of treatment
success by providing an estimate of tumour size and growth over time.
Additionally, the code overlays the segmented sections from registered_scan2
onto scan1 to visually depict the progression of the tumour regions.

# Conclusion

The offered code uses image registration, repositioning, segmentation, and
analysis techniques to segment and analyse brain tumours. For meaningful
comparisons, image registration and repositioning made sure that scans were
accurately aligned. The study offered quantitative indicators including tumour
volume and a visual representation of tumour progression, and the segmentation
technique permitted the delineation of tumour regions. These techniques aid in
the proper diagnosis, planning, and surveillance of brain tumours.
